If you have a farm with lots of inputs it could be quite daunting for the user.
We can use the fieldset element to group together related farm controls fieldset SAT optional but useful
for aag and icing farms into sections making a complex farm much easier for the end user.
Let's add a field set around the first two inputs on this farm like that.
In the browser it looks like this by default a box is placed around the controls.
Within a fieldset element we can add a legend element to give that fieldset a title
in the browser.
By default this title is shown up here in the border.
Adding a legend like this is also better for accessibility as greenery the software will read out the
legend before each label.
Let's add a fieldset and legend around this checkbox and also a fieldset around these radio buttons
for the legend of these radio buttons.
We can replace this paragraph element with the legend.
Now in the browser we have our farm divided into sections so it's much easier to use.
In addition to labels and field sets there are lot of things we can do to make our farms easier to use.
The place holder attribute provides a shot hint to what the expected value of a field is.
Let's also add one to the text area
like that.
In the browser This text is shown inside the controls.
But as soon as you enter a value the text disappears.
If you don't enter anything this field is still submitted as an empty value.
The place holder text isn't sent with the form data the place holder attribute is valid for text like
inputs like text email tell and so on.
Along with textarea elements.